lk stark - ndis plan ndis number 412225671 my ndis contact nick fury avengers coordinator the avengers society phone 0400000003 email nick. Furyndis. Gov. Au ndis plan start date 18 april 2020 ndis plan review due date 17 april 2021 a national disability insurance agency ndia representative will contact me about my plan review before my plan review due date. Personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 2 of 9 ndis number 412225671 190408840 mapbhoy edi ab april 2019 3245 bl- 21466lks profile what i want people to know about me date of birth 10 november 2006 preferred contact details — telephone home number 0403578819 work number 0403578819 mobile 0403578819 about me hulk is 12 years old and lives with his mother, scarlet, father, steven and brother iron-man, who is 2 years old. Hulk attends flying house early learning centre on monday, wednesday, thursday and friday. On tuesday, hulk is cared for by his father, steven and they visit the library, go swimming, play at home and outdoors. On the weekends, hulk spends time with his family. They go on outings such as to the park, on picnics or to the beach. Family and friends mother, scarlet and father, steven services and community involvement flying house early learning centre, 4 days per week hills family doctors personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 3 of 9 ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 bft-1lks goals this is what i want to achieve short-term goal i would like to be more independent with more of my daily activities and access the community. How i will achieve this goal how i will be supported hulk will improve the clarity and articulation of his speech. He will be able to consistently communicate using sentences. He will be able to effectively communicate his wants, needs and feelings. Short-term goal hulk will continue to be provided with opportunities at home and across all early childhood settings to practice skills and strategies to support the goal. There will be a plan in place that assists hulk, scarlet and steven to achieve the goal. Scarlet and steven would like hulk to continue developing his social skills. How i will achieve this goal how i will be supported hulk will be able to engage in play with his peers. Medium or long-term goal hulk will continue to be provided with opportunities at home and across all early childhood settings to practice skills and strategies to support the goal. There will be a plan in place that assists hulk, scarlet and steven to achieve the goal. Scarlet and steven would like would like hulk to begin to develop the skills to be able to regulate his emotions. How i will achieve this goal how i will be supported hulk will be able to identify how he is feeling, and will be able to express this to his parents or caregivers. He will begin to develop strategies to assist him in managing frustration and emotional distress. Hulk will continue to be provided with opportunities at home and across all early childhood settings to practice skills and strategies to support the goal. There will be a plan in place that assists hulk, scarlet and steven to achieve the goal. Personal information - confidential name hulk stark ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 190408 bch - n192q8ll n192q8ll. 3245 page 3 of 9 bl - 21468dium or long-term goal scarlet and steven would like hulk to continue developing his self-care skills. How i will achieve this goal how i will be supported hulk will be able to eat safely, by putting 00 hulk will continue to be provided an appropriate amount of food into his with opportunities at home and across mouth at a time, and chew his food all early childhood settings to practice thoroughly before swallowing. Hulk skills and strategies to support the will increase the variety of foods he will goal. There will be a plan in place that consume. He will be able to sleep through assists hulk, scarlet and steven to the night, without requiring a bottle of milk. Achieve the goal. Personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 5 of 9 ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 41-1nded supports information my funded supports can help me achieve my goals managing my ndis funding there are 3 different ways my plan funding can be managed ¢ self-managed i will claim funding from my ndis plan to pay providers myself or my plan nominee or child representative may do this on my behalf. Providers will invoice me directly for supports i have agreed they will provide. E plan-managed my plan management provider will make claims and pay providers on my behalf for supports ihave agreed they will provide. « ndia-managed providers will claim payment directly from my ndis plan based on active service bookings. Where supports are ndia-managed, i can only use an ndis registered provider. My funding may be managed in one or more of these ways and is listed with my funding on the following pages. Stated supports where a support is listed as statedin my plan, must purchase this supportas described in my plan. I cannot swap stated supports for any other supports. In-kind supports where a support is listed as ‘in-kind in my plan, must continue with my existing service provider as they have been pre-paid to deliver this service. However, if have a concern about using my in-kind provider i can raise my concerns with my ndis contact. Quote required where a support is listed as quote required’ additional information such as quotes andor specialist reports will be required. Once the quote is approved, the funding will be made available in my plan. Personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 5 of 9 ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 190408 bch - n192q8ll n192q8ll 3245 bl - 21470tal funded supports $49,383. 20 for 18 april 2020 —17 april 2021 core supports core supports help with my everyday activities, my current disability related needs and to work towards my goals. The core supports budget is the most flexible, and in most cases, funding can be used across the support categories however, this may not include transport. Goals my core supports funding can help me achieve i would like to be more independent with more of my daily activities and access the community. Core supports budget funding for assistive technology of $550. 20 is allocated for $550. 20 the purchase of basic level 1 and standard level 2 assistive technology that assists hulk to achieve his goals and outcomes. These at products are listed under level 1 and level 2 of the at complexity level classification document. My core supports funding will be $550. 20 self-managed assistance with social and community participation $1,200. 00 transport $2,234. 00 total core supports $3984. 20 personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 7 of 9 ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 sft-lnded supports continued capacity building supports my capacity building supports are intended to build my independence and reduce my need for the same level of support into the future. My progress and outcomes from these supports will be shared at each plan review. Unlike my core supports budget, my capacity building supports budget cannot be moved from one support category to another. Funding can only be used to purchase approved individual supports that fall within that capacity building category. Goals my capacity building supports funding can help me achieve e i would like to be more independent with more of my daily activities and access the community. E scarlet and steven would like hulk to continue developing his social skills. E scarlet and steven would like would like hulk to begin to develop the skills to be able to regulate his emotions. E scarlet and steven would like hulk to continue developing his self-care skills. My capacity building funding can be spent in the following ways capacity building supports budget improved health and wellbeing cb health and wellbeing $12,426. 32 to include a progress report at plan review on outcomes against the ndis plan goals and the participants ongoing functional needs. My improved daily living funding will be $12,426. 32 self-managed improved learning cb lifelong learning $356. 20 improved life choices cb choice and control $15,333. 00 increased social community participant cb social community and civic participation $888. 00 improved daily living cb daily activity $250. 00 total capacity building supports $29,253. 52 personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 7 of 9 ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 190408 bch - n192q8ll n192q8ll. 3245 bl - 21472nded supports continued capital supports capital supports include higher-cost pieces of assistive technology, equipment and home or vehicle modifications and specialist disability accommodation. Capital support funding cannot be used to pay anything else. My capital support funding can be spent in the following ways assistive technology $590. 10 funding for repairs and maintenance on your disability specific equipment my stated support will be $590. 10 self-managed home modifications $15,556. 00 total capital supports $16,146. 10 sit-lk stark - ndis plan ndis number 412225671 my ndis contact nick fury avengers coordinator the avengers society phone 0400000003 email nick. Furyndis. Gov. Au ndis plan start date 18 april 2020 ndis plan review due date 17 april 2021 a national disability insurance agency ndia representative will contact me about my plan review before my plan review due date. Personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 2 of 9 ndis number 412225671 1904088640 mapbhoy edi ab april 2019 3245 bl- 21466lks profile what i want people to know about me date of birth 10 november 2006 preferred contact details — telephone home number 0403578819 work number 0403578819 mobile 0403578819 about me hulk is 12 years old and lives with his mother, scarlet, father, steven and brother iron-man, who is 2 years old. Hulk attends flying house early learning centre on monday, wednesday, thursday and friday. On tuesday, hulk is cared for by his father, steven and they visit the library, go swimming, play at home and outdoors. On the weekends, hulk spends time with his family. They go on outings such as to the park, on picnics or to the beach. Family and friends mother, scarlet and father, steven services and community involvement ¢ flying house early learning centre, 4 days per week hills family doctors personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 3 of 9 ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 bt-1mple ndis plan b where live and the people who support me currently live in residential aged care. Aged care staff assist me with my personal care. Ndis funded carers assist me to access the community since became a participant in the ndis have been working towards building my independence and hinking about the life want to lead when i leave rac. My daily life have found living in rac really difficult. There is no one here my age and spend most of my time in my room. Every day in rac is the same. Dont have any choice or control over when get up or go to bed, what eat or who helps me with my personal care. My first goal first six months, preparing to leave rac during this plan want to take charge of my life by taking more responsibility for everyday decisions especially those relating to moving to my new home building my skills to prepare for moving to my new home remaining positive when challenges arise and working with my support team to resolve them working to become more independent with my personal care by using new equipment to increase my independence and training my support team connecting with mainstream providers who will be able to provide me with some of the services currently provided to me by my rac provider moving from rac to my new home my second goal 7-12 months, in new home get used to living on my own ‘m looking forward to taking responsibility for my new home. Want to feel confident being alone. Want to develop a routine with my new support team that maximises my independence. Want to develop the confidence how to manage my tenancy and my money. Want to choose what eat. My third goal want to rebuild my life. Want to reconnect with some old friends and to make some new friends. Want to be able to do photography again. My longer-term goals and aspirations want to ensure that once move out of rac never come back. Want to stay out of hospital. Want to explore how technology can support my privacy and independence. Sample ndis plans - march 2018mple ndis plan b family and friends my relationship with my mother broke down in 2002 although over the past 12 months weve been going to counselling together and she is really supportive of my moving out of aged care. Dont like people visiting me in rac, and most of my contact with friends is on facebook. My dad and stepmother couldnt cope with caring for me and my stepmother hurt her back helping me ransfer. Was really angry that ended up in aged care and we didnt have much contact for a while but heyre keen to support me moving out and ive started visiting them on sundays with carer support. My informal supports my life fell apart when had my accident and then got worse when moved into rac, for ages felt that had no future. My support coordinator has tried to help me establish a network of support but it’s hard to do living here. Now that im leaving well try again because there are some actual things that need to work on to get ready for the move. ‘m looking forward to reconnecting with my friends and extended family once im in my own home and getting my life back on track. Services and community groups ‘ve been exploring the neighbourhood around the apartment and would like to look into studying photography at tafe. My community and mainstream supports centrelink - income support and concessional entitlements community health centre near my new home for gp, podiatry and dental services family counselling ndis reasonable and necessary support budgets you can choose how you spend the amount in each budget listed below by checking the ndis price list and matching supports on the ndis website at www. Ndis. Gov. Auparticipants funds in your core budget are flexible, which means you can choose how to spend this funding to meet your support needs. Please remember that funding received through the ndis must be used for your disability support needs. Where a support is listed as ‘stated’ you must purchase this support as it is described in your plan. You cannot swap ‘stated’ supports for any other supports. Sample ndis plans - march 2018mple ndis plan b capacity building budget $24,455 months 1-6 5 hours per week for 26 weeks of assistance from a coordinator of supports to assist me with activities to support a successful move to sda including liaise with rac staff in preparation for my move facilitate the “team” of people supporting me to transition to work in a coordinated and collaborative way and maintain a focus on achieving my desired outcomes meet with my new service provider and the property manager so that can become familiar with and confident in my new home share relevant information with my new support provider work with me prior to my move to explain how the lease arrangements will work, my rights and responsibilities and answer any queries arrange for me to sign my lease and complete the property inspection report explain to me the special conditions associated with living in an apartment development, in particular the procedure in case of fire or other emergency liaise with my new support team coordinate my move out of rac assist me to develop links with my new community assist me to keep focused on my goals and provide back-up support when things dont go to plan work with me and my close supports to resolve any issues and challenges as they arise regularly checking in with me about how daily routines, equipment, technology and design are working. Building my capacity to deal with problems as they arise. Regularly checking in with me about the move, any concerns, doubts, frustrations, anxieties or significant practical challenges may be experiencing. Building my capacity to remain positive when issues arise, including by supporting me to reflect on the progress im making and how will continue to develop my capability to live as independently as possible reviewing whether all needed services and supports that formed part of this support plan are actually being provided and are delivering what is required this may, for example, include specialist health or behavioural support services sample ndis plans - march 2018mple ndis plan b months 6 - 12 5 hours per week for 26 weeks for assistance from a coordinator of supports to assist me to establish myself in my new apartment, including to assist me to apply for rent assistance andor bond assistance as required provide me with information about when to contact the property manager and contact details provide me with assistance with utility connections as required assist me to negotiate with my sda provider if required assist me to liaise with the property manager to customise the assistive technology as required identify where am meeting my goals and barriers am encountering as well as strategies to overcome them ensure that ongoing processes are in place for communication and coordination between my supports including care team, nursing, allied health and medical professionals. Support me to prepare for my plan review and to articulate my long-term goals and shorter-term priorities. Gather reports from allied health therapists to provide evidence of my need of ongoing funding in preparation for my plan review in 12 months. How will the ndis will pay my plan manager for these supports support be paid budget $2,358 details assist me to connect with a photography group and develop a portfolio for entry into a tafe course how will the ndis will pay my plan manager for these supports support be paid details work with me and my rac provider to address periodic verbal abuse directed at carers during my morning routine how will the ndis will pay my plan manager for these supports support be paid sample ndis plans - march 2018mple ndis plan b atu e efoya wy at- mmmm lanl scon-omalst-liqam-lnomar-ller-diare consultation with a dietitian to develop and review a meal plan assistance to maintain and increase my physical wellbeing and mobility how will the ndis will pay my plan manager for these supports support be paid support area improved life choices details financial intermediaryplan management set up costs $218 monthly processing fee for my plan manager to manage my plan $1,177 how will the ndis will pay my support provider for these supports support be paid support area improved daily living skills 52 hours $2,268 assistance with decision-making. The presentation of information in a format that best supports me to exercise my choice and control. Therapy services 125 hours $21,946 individual assessment, therapy and or training. Therapeutic supports to facilitate my functional improvement through adjustment, adaptation and building capacity to participate in the broader community. Therapists to liaise with sda provider to ensure they have relevant information to ensure that the specialist design features of sda and associated technology are fine-tuned so that can do as much as possible for myself e. G bench heights, location of furniture and equipment, technology and live independently and safely as possible work with the support provider to ensure support staff are adequately trained to provide me with appropriate therapeutic support provide any documented health or therapeutic plans that need to be implemented by the support team train my support team as required to implement therapeutic plans to meet my individual needs contribute to identifying the best approach to ensure ongoing collaboration and communication as required with others supporting me undertake assessments to monitor, record and review my progress towards my goals sample ndis plans - march 2018 c5mple ndis plan b how will the capital budget details how will the support be paid support be paid nursing services 25 hours over this plan $2,490 for individual assessment and support by a nurse to monitor my skin integrity assist me with continence management ndis will pay my plan manager for these supports $43,093 with ooa stated support six months specialist disability accommodation sda funding will cover the cost of a new high physical support apartment, one bedroom, one resident with active overnight assistance ooa note that the funding above is for months 7-12. The cost for a new build high physical support apartment with one bedroom, one resident for 12 months would be $86,186, a location factor is then applied - we have not done this in this example ndis will pay the manager of my sda tenancy directly for these supports budget details how will the support be paid $1,500 plus funding for a hoist, quote required funding for equipment maintenance $1,500 funding for a hoist following the completion of an assessment by a qualified allied health professional and development of a quote ndis will pay my plan manager for these supports sample ndis plans - march 2018mple ndis plan b core supports support area core supports months 1-6 stated support assistance with daily living item 49, in residential aged care facility, aged care subsidies and supplements 6 months $38,770 stated support assistance with daily living item 50, means-tested residential aged care fees 6 months $1460 6 months assistance in daily living in rac total $40,230 months 7-12 12 hours per week $15,979 assistance to access community, social and recreational activities 2 hours per week $2,049 assistance with house cleaning and other household activities consumables, including funding for my continence products and delivery $350 stated support supported independent living sil quote individual supports available for me to maximise my capacity to be as independent as possible with my personal care 46 hours per week $ 64,380 planned individual supports 15 hours per week $25,677 contribution to shared support for assistance with daily living 6 months supported independent living sil in sda $90,057 how will the ndis wiil pay your support provider and plan manager for these supports support be paid support area transport details funding is to assist with some transport costs level 1 how will the ndis wiil pay you directly for these supports support be paid total ndis plan amount $364,146 sample ndis plans - march 2018mple ndis plan c year 1 supporting a younger person with complex support needs to live in the community this sample plan is for a younger person with disability and complex support needs who may be at risk of entering residential aged care rac, or who has left rac. This plan has some high upfront costs such as buying a wheelchair that will reduce the following year as the participants capacity increases. Due to my disability need significant support with planning, self-care and daily activities. Live by myself in a two-bedroom apartment. The apartment is registered for specialist disability accommoedation sda, high physical support payments. My personal and overnight supports are provided by a supported independent living sil provider, allowing me to share some of the costs with other people with disabilities living in this development, and giving me access to on-site back-up and overnight supports. My first goal during this plan want to maintain my current level of functioning, increase my independence with my personal care and when accessing the community. My second goal want to become involved in a peer support group to learn and share with other people with disability about living well in the community. My third goal want to study photography. My longer-term goals and aspirations want to be more independent and have more control over my life. Want to be an active and valued member of my local community. These are the supports that will help me work towards my goals. Sample ndis plans - march 2018mple ndis plan c ndis reasonable and necessary support budgets you can choose how you spend the amount in each budget listed below by checking the ndis price list and matching supports on the ndis website at www. Ndis. Gov. Auparticipants funds in your core budget are flexible, which means you can choose how to spend this funding to meet your support needs. Please remember that funding received through the ndis must be used for your disability support needs. Where a support is listed as ‘stated’ you must purchase this support as it is described in your plan. You cannot swap ‘stated’ supports for any other supports. Capacity building ctv oofela uc -t- mmm ocelelcellal-ldolame mle e ele da details 2 hours per week of assistance from a coordinator of supports to help me understand and implement my plan. They will assist me to identify community supports resolve issues as they arise enroll in a photography course and overcome any barriers to participation support me to choose my community access support providers prepare me for my plan review how will the ndis will pay my plan manager for these supports support be paid support area increased social and community participation 36 hours $2,077 of individual skills development to assist me to work with my network of support thour per week $3,001 for peer support activities how will the ndis will pay my plan manager for these supports support be paid support area improved relationships budget $2,695 4 hours per month of individual social skills development to assist me to manage my behaviour and develop and sustain friendships how will the ndis will pay my plan manager for these supports support be paid sample ndis plans - march 2018 ©mple ndis plan c r10 e elo wy va-t- mmm lanl scon-omal-t-liapm-lnomurller-tiare 2 hours $358 consultation with a dietitian to review my meal planning 2 hours funding $291 for an exercise physiologist to design my personal training plan lhour per week $2,838 personal training how will the ndis will pay my plan manager for these supports support be paid support area improved life choices budget $1,395 details financial intermediaryplan management set up costs $218 monthly processing fee for my plan manager to manage my plan $1,177 how will the ndis will pay my support provider for these supports support be paid support area improved daily living skills 10 hours $1,755 for allied health professionals to review my progress towards maximising my independence hours per week $4,338 for a therapy assistant to implement commendations from allied health professionals hours per week $4,536 of assistance with decision-making, daily planning and budgeting 24 hours $2,298 over this plan for community nursing care 20 hours $1,123 over this plan for training carers how will the ndis will pay my plan manager for these supports support be paid © sample ndis plans march 2018lks goals this is what i want to achieve short-term goal i would like to be more independent with more of my daily activities and access the community. How i will achieve this goal how i will be supported hulk will improve the clarity and articulation of his speech. He will be able to consistently communicate using sentences. He will be able to effectively communicate his wants, needs and feelings. Hulk will continue to be provided with opportunities at home and across all early childhood settings to practice skills and strategies to support the goal. There will be a plan in place that assists hulk, scarlet and steven to achieve the goal. Short-term goal scarlet and steven would like hulk to continue developing his social skills. How i will achieve this goal how i will be supported hulk will be able to engage in play with his peers. Hulk will continue to be provided with opportunities at home and across all early childhood settings to practice skills and strategies to support the goal. There will be a plan in place that assists hulk, scarlet and steven to achieve the goal. Medium or long-term goal scarlet and steven would like would like hulk to begin to develop the skills to be able to regulate his emotions. How i will achieve this goal how i will be supported hulk will be able to identify how he is hulk will continue to be provided feeling, and will be able to express this to his parents or caregivers. He will begin to develop strategies to assist him in managing frustration and emotional distress. With opportunities at home and across all early childhood settings to practice skills and strategies to support the goal. There will be a plan in place that assists hulk, scarlet and steven to achieve the goal. Personal information - confidential name hulk stark ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 190408 bch - n192q8ll n192q8ll. 3245 page 3 of 9 bl - 21468mple ndis plan c capital budget $86,185 with ooa stated support six months specialist disability accommodation sda funding will cover the cost of a new build high physical support apartment, one bedroom, one resident with active overnight assistance ooa. No location factor applied how will the ndis will pay the manager of my sda tenancy directly for these supports support be paid details funding for equipment maintenance $1,500 how will the ndis will pay my plan manager for these supports support be paid sample ndis plans - march 2018mple ndis plan c core supports support area budget details how will the support be paid support area budget core supports $237,502 2 hours per week $4,098 assistance with house cleaning and other household activities 20 hours per week $52,589 assistance to access community for study, social and recreational activities consumables, including funding for my continence products and delivery $700 stated support supported independent living sil quote individual supports available for me to maximise my capacity to be as independent as possible with household decision-making, personal care and domestic tasks 44 hours per week $123,163 planned individual supports 15 hours per week $51,354 shared supports 2 hours $5,598 per week irregular supports total sil quote $180,115 ndis will pay my plan manager for these supports bi cclajerelad $2,472 details how will the support be paid total ndis plan amount $364,146 funding is to assist with some transport costs level 2 ndis will pay me directly for these supports sample ndis plans - march 2018s oy-la late mie mm arcm c-lifelarel dyey-veyi fia’ latcvere-larersmexedalcy tals ndis march 2017 delivering the ndis in your commun itylivering brotherhood of st laurence gaeta ndis local area co-ordination lac the role of the lac in north east melbourne area nema belwering the ndis ur commuunity brotherhood of st laurence and ed the ndis ¢ brotherhood of st laurence has partnered with the ndia to deliver the ndis in the north east melbourne area. ¢ the ndia recognises that brotherhood of st laurence are able to facilitate community connection and support. ¢ this is called local area coordination. ely 24. Of st laurence the ndis pathway vonmniee ye implementation planning o pre - opplanning access™ the planning process indis gettin del vering the ndis in your communrty 1. Think about your needs and goals and your current supports. Pre-planning sessions can support you to do this 2. Develop your plan with your local area coordinator or ndia planner. Lac submits the plan to be approved by a ndia delegate 3. Start your approved plan. 4. Review your plan. Any questions or worries during the process please contact your local area coordinatoro can attend the planning elk 2. Conversation delivering the ndis in your community ¢ you can bring anyone with you to the planning meeting some will bring their family or nomineeguardian some will bring advocates to support them ¢ others will bring providersely a brotherhood of st laurence what does the ndis fund saving nehotsinyouconnnn the scheme funds supports which can help a person undertake general daily living activities. These include ¢ planning and decision making, and support to complete household tasks. Capacity building assistance so participants can live independently and achieve their goals i. E. Building social relationships, financial management and tenancy management skills. Supports to engage with the local community so participants can participate in recreation, education, training and employment activities. z eley ce brotherhood of stlaurence what doesn’t the ndis fund suites nenatioyourconmnn there are rules for the ndis that mean some supports cannot be funded in an ndis plan the ndis will not fund « supports that are not related to a person’s disability supports that are funded by a different system day-to-day living costs that everyone pays for such as food, electricity and waterdium or long-term goal scarlet and steven would like hulk to continue developing his self-care skills. How i will achieve this goal how i will be supported hulk will be able to eat safely, by putting 00 hulk will continue to be provided an appropriate amount of food into his with opportunities at home and across mouth at a time, and chew his food all early childhood settings to practice thoroughly before swallowing. Hulk skills and strategies to support the will increase the variety of foods he will goal. There will be a plan in place that consume. He will be able to sleep through assists hulk, scarlet and steven to the night, without requiring a bottle of milk. Achieve the goal. Personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 5 of 9 ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 41-1is ref brotherhood of st laurence health mental health services ssrerrscrosinvorconmun the health and mental health systems remain responsible for providing people with clinical and medical treatment. They are responsible for the diagnosis and treatment of psychiatric conditions and mental illness. This includes ¢ all medical and clinical services, such as general practitioners, mental health treatment by psychiatrists or psychologists care while in hospital in-patient and residential care ¢ medications and pharmaceuticalsmm 1 can choose who provides me wel 2. With supports delivering the ndis in your community the funding in your ndis plan lets you choose how your supports are delivered and who provides your support ¢ this means you can choose the provider or support worker you will work with if you need some help to choose your providers, a support coordinator or local area coordinator can help you. re is an example of what a ndis plan looks like.  ‘ndis brotherhood of st laurence delivering the ndis in your community sample plan jerry smith national disability insurance scheme ndis plan name jerry smith ndis number 123456789 ndis plan starts 1 april 2017 ndis plan will be reviewed by 1 february 2018 that nationat disability insurance agency will contact me about my plan before the review date will tell the ndia when something important changes or is going to change, like moving house, starting work or school, or if my goals change. If have any questions, or if my circumstances change, can contact the ndia in any of the following ways e teiephone ndia on 1800 800 110 « fuse a tty, phone 1800 555 677 and ask for 1800 800 110 e if use speak and listen speech to speech relay, phone 1800 555 727 and ask for 1800 800 110 e if use the national relay service, visit their website at httprelayservice. Gov. Au and ask for 1800 800 110.  ndis brotherhood of st laurence delivering the ndis in your community sample plan part 1 about me this part of my participant statement is about me, my daily life and the people in my life where live and the people who support me live in my own home in preston with my pet cat. Am a disability advocate volunteer providing support to people with disability online, something that am very passionate about. My mother lives in bendigo and it’s important that i visit her. Have one sister, who fives on the surf coast and provides emotional support over the telephone. My daily life most days get up and engage in my personal care routine without assistance, however at times when unwell can need support in this area. My support staff also help as required with preparing meals, attending to grocery shopping and assistance in accessing the broader community.  brotherhood of st laurence delivering the ndis in your community sample plan part 2 my goals this part of my participant statement lists the goals want to work towards during this plan. My first goals is during this plan to be able to continue visiting elderly mother in bendigo my second goal is during this plan to visit gallery, cinema or museum every saturday my longer term goals and aspirations are goal weekly social outing with friends relates to relationships goal be able to attend local neighbourhood house to take part in courses relates to learning goal to receive the required support needed around personal care in the mornings, evenings, with meals when unwell relates to daily livingmple plan part 3 my supports these are the supports that will help me work towards my goals. Family and friends these are who the ndis call ‘informal’ supports. My informal supports e sister who lives on the surf coast e mother who lives in bendigo elderly e heather and brian who live next door and help me on occasions services and community groups these supports might include things like health or mental health services, schools or education services, community groups, sporting or hobby clubs, or other government services. These are what the ndis calls ‘community and mainstream’ supports. My community and mainstream supports e darebin neighbourhood house e cricket club e tocal gp, psychologist and psychiatrist e multi-purpose taxi card sz 0 brotherhood of st laurence delivering the ndis in your community 0 brotherhood of st laurence delivering the ndis in your community sample plan ndis reasonable and necessary supports budget i can choose how spend the amount in each budget listed below by checking the ndis price list and the matching supports on the ndis website at ndis. Gov. Auparticipants where a support is listed in my plan as ‘stated’ must purchase this support as it is described in my plan. Cannot swap ‘stated’ supports for any other supports. Support area core supports budget $20,466. 96 details assistance with self-care activities. Assistance to access community, social and recreational activities. How will the support be paid nois will pay my service provider directly. Support area capacity building budget $2,472. 00. Re details stated support mental health occupational therapist to identify opportunities and strategies to enhance independent community access for when i’m unwell. How will the support be paid ndis will pay my service provider directly.  indis rf brotherhood of st laurence delivering the ndis in your community please call bsl on 1300 275 634 or drop into an office for more info. Email ndis. Infobsl. Org. Au. 64 for more information indis arent delivering the ndis in your community www. Ndis. Gov. Du telephone 1800 800 110 for people who need help with english i tis 131 450 for people with hearing or speech loss ge tty 1800 555 677 speak and listen 1800 555 727 find us on facebookndisaus ¥ follow us on twitter ndisnded supports information my funded supports can help me achieve my goals managing my ndis funding there are 3 different ways my plan funding can be managed ¢ self-managed will claim funding from my ndis plan to pay providers myself or my plan nominee or child representative may do this on my behalf. Providers will invoice me directly for supports i have agreed they will provide. E plan-managed my plan management provider will make claims and pay providers on my behalf for supports i have agreed they will provide. « ndia-managed providers will claim payment directly from my ndis plan based on active service bookings. Where supports are ndia-managed, i can only use an ndis registered provider. My funding may be managed in one or more of these ways and is listed with my funding on the following pages. Stated supports where a support is listed as statedin my plan, i must purchase this supportas described in my plan. Cannot swap ‘stated’ supports for any other supports. In-kind supports where a support is listed as ‘in-kind in my plan, must continue with my existing service provider as they have been pre-paid to deliver this service. However, if have a concern about using my in-kind provider i can raise my concerns with my ndis contact. Quote required where a support is listed as quote required’ additional information such as quotes andor specialist reports will be required. Once the quote is approved, the funding will be made available in my plan. Personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 5 of 9 ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 190408 bch - n192q8ll ni92q8ll 3245 bl - 21470is ref brotherhood of st laurence c o n i ac i u s delivering the ndis in your community brotherhood of st laurence bsl main locations greensborough — 65 main st greensborough thomastown — 11 latitude blvd thomastown preston — 293 high st. Preston south morang — 16 797 plenty rd. South morang please call bsl on 1300 275 634 or drop into an office. s - ndis plan ndis number my ndis contact early childhood coordinator the benevolent society ai ul cnsin nn weriene omcasnse cel ndis plan start date 08 april 2019 ndis plan review due date 07 april 2020 a national disability insurance agency ndia representative will contact me about my plan review before my plan review due date. Activities community personal information - confidential na —————— page 2 of 9 ndis number saag a ae rooaoel lan ep rtover2 28 april 2019 3245 bl - 21466ofile what want people to know about me date of birth preferred contact details — telephone hone unhe work number saas mobile iit re, family and friends sl services and community involvement personal information - confidential nance page 3 of 9 ndis number plan approved 08 april 2019 sf1-1e goals this is what want to achieve short-term goal en ee to continue developing his expressive language and communication skills. How will achieve this goal how will be supported seen prove the clarity and seeger continue to be provided articulation of his speech. He will be with opportunities at home and across able to consistently communicate using all early childhood settings to practice sentences. He will be able to effectively skills and strategies to support the communicate his wants, needs and 0 a alia lala cam aaa feelings. Ae ss short-term goal eee to continue developing his social skills. How i will achieve this goal how i will be supported see be able to engage in play with pwill continue to be provided his peers. With opportunities at home and across all early childhood settings to practice skills and strategies to support the cal, ec ee eee medium or long-term goal ees to begin to develop the skills to be able to regulate his emotions. How i will achieve this goal how i will be supported qe, bee able to identify how he mm continue to be provided is feeling, and will be able to express with opportunities at home and across this to his parents or caregivers. He will all early childhood settings to practice begin to develop strategies to assist him skills and strategies to support the in managing frustration and emotional 90 al, distress. Rr a personal information - confidential nane ndis number plan approved 08 april 2019 190408 bch - n192q8ll n192q8ll 3245 page 4 of 9 bl - 21468dium or long-term goal to continue developing his self-care skills. How i will achieve this goal how i will be supported s be able to eat safely, by ¢ se continue to be provided putting an appropriate amount of food into his mouth at a time, and chew his food thoroughly before swallowing. Will increase the variety of foods he will consume. He will be able to sleep through the night, without requiring a bottle of milk. With opportunities at home and across all early childhood settings to practice skills and strategies to support the goal, so ce ps personal information - confidential name sg nxdis une plan approved 08 april 2019 page 5 of 9 41-4nded supports information my funded supports can help me achieve my goals managing my ndis funding there are 3 different ways my plan funding can be managed e« self-managed will claim funding from my ndis plan to pay providers myself or my plan nominee or child representative may do this on my behalf. Providers will invoice me directly for supports have agreed they will provide. E plan-managed my plan management provider will make claims and pay providers on my behalf for supports have agreed they will provide. E ndia-managed providers will claim payment directly from my ndis plan based on active service bookings. Where supports are ndia-managed, can only use an ndis registered provider. My funding may be managed in one or more of these ways and is listed with my funding on the following pages. Stated supports where a support is listed as ‘stated’ in my plan, must purchase this support as described in my plan. Cannot swap stated supports for any other supports. In-kind supports where a support is listed as ‘in-kind’ in my plan, must continue with my existing service provider as they have been pre-paid to deliver this service. However, if have a concern about using my in-kind provider can raise my concerns with my ndis contact. Quote required where a support is listed as quote required’ additional information such as quotes andor specialist reports will be required. Once the quote is approved, the funding will be made available in my plan. Personal information - confidential name page 6 of 9 ndis number plan approved 08 april 2019 190408 bch - n192q8ll n192q8ll 3245 bl - 21470tal funded supports $12,946. 52 for 08 april 2019 — 07 april 2020 core supports core supports help with my everyday activities, my current disability related needs and to work towards my goals. The core supports budget is the most flexible, and in most cases, funding can be used across the support categories however, this may not include transport. Goals my core supports funding can help me achieve gp to continue developing his expressive language and communication skills. Core supports budget funding for assistive technology of $520. 20 is allocated for $520. 20 the purchase of basic level 1 and standard level 2 assistive technology that ses comes. These at products are listed under level 1 and level 2 of the at complexity level classification document. My core supports funding will be e $520. 20 self-managed total core supports $520. 20 personal information - confidential name page 7 of 9 ns nb x ——————— plan approved 08 april 2019 541-1nded supports continued capacity building supports my capacity building supports are intended to build my independence and reduce my need for the same level of support into the future. My progress and outcomes from these supports will be shared at each plan review. Unlike my core supports budget, my capacity building supports budget cannot be moved from one support category to another. Funding can only be used to purchase approved individual supports that fall within that capacity building category. Goals my capacity building supports funding can help me achieve ee to continue developing his expressive language and communication skills. Di ii iene continue developing his social skills. Be to begin to develop the skills to be able to regulate his emotions. © ee continue developing his self-care skills. My capacity building funding can be spent in the following ways lor jor-cetham iellellare mete exe a cc budget improved daily living cb daily activity $12,426. 32 provision of early childhood intervention supports to work together within the home and community settings, utilising relevant disciplines to support and advise the family in order to meet the participants plan goals. To include a progress report at plan review on outcomes against the ndis plan goals and the participants ongoing functional needs. My improved daily living funding will be e $12,426. 32 self-managed total capacity building supports $12,426. 32 personal information - confidential nave page 8 of 9 ndis number stitt. Plan approved 08 april 2019 190408 bch - n192q8ll n192q8ll 3245 bl - 21472tal funded supports $49,383. 20 for 18 april 2020 —17 april 2021 core supports core supports help with my everyday activities, my current disability related needs and to work towards my goals. The core supports budget is the most flexible, and in most cases, funding can be used across the support categories however, this may not include transport. Goals my core supports funding can help me achieve i would like to be more independent with more of my daily activities and access the community. Core supports budget funding for assistive technology of $550. 20 is allocated for $550. 20 the purchase of basic level 1 and standard level 2 assistive technology that assists hulk to achieve his goals and outcomes. These at products are listed under level 1 and level 2 of the at complexity level classification document. My core supports funding will be $550. 20 self-managed assistance with social and community participation $1,200. 00 transport $2,234. 00 total core supports $3984. 20 personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 7 of 9 ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 sft-1nded supports continued capacity building supports my capacity building supports are intended to build my independence and reduce my need for the same level of support into the future. My progress and outcomes from these supports will be shared at each plan review. Unlike my core supports budget, my capacity building supports budget cannot be moved from one support category to another. Funding can only be used to purchase approved individual supports that fall within that capacity building category. Goals my capacity building supports funding can help me achieve e i would like to be more independent with more of my daily activities and access the community. E scarlet and steven would like hulk to continue developing his social skills. E scarlet and steven would like would like hulk to begin to develop the skills to be able to regulate his emotions. E scarlet and steven would like hulk to continue developing his self-care skills. My capacity building funding can be spent in the following ways capacity building supports budget improved health and wellbeing cb health and wellbeing $12,426. 32 to include a progress report at plan review on outcomes against the ndis plan goals and the participants ongoing functional needs. My improved daily living funding will be $12,426. 32 self-managed improved learning cb lifelong learning $356. 20 improved life choices cb choice and control $15,333. 00 increased social community participant cb social community and civic participation $888. 00 improved daily living cb daily activity $250. 00 total capacity building supports $29,253. 52 personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 7 of 9 ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 190408 bch - n192q8ll n192q8ll. 3245 bl - 21472nded supports continued capital supports capital supports include higher-cost pieces of assistive technology, equipment and home or vehicle modifications and specialist disability accommodation. Capital support funding cannot be used to pay anything else. My capital support funding can be spent in the following ways assistive technology $590. 10 funding for repairs and maintenance on your disability specific equipment my stated support will be $590. 10 self-managed home modifications $15,556. 00 total capital supports $16,146. 10 sft-1nes sy, fi tax invoice quantity item 1 1 lts private lesson fees for maxweli 10 $17. 50 invoice total payments made outstanding thank you for your business clem jones centre 56 zahel street carina 4152 ph 0733982107 invoice number 484881 monday, april 15, 2019 tax price inc $0. 00 $40. 00 $0. 00 $145. 00 $185. 00 $185. 00mple ndis plan b supporting a younger person with complex support needs this is a sample plan for a younger person who has met the ndis criteria of having an extreme functional impairment. The participant is currently living in residential aged care rac, but has been assessed as being eligible for payments to live in a new specialist disability accommodation sda apartment high physical support category. The purpose of this sample plan is to share what the summer foundation has learnt by supporting younger people with complex needs to transition from aged to live in sda the community. This pian is designed to alert you to issues that may arise and highlight areas that may need to be discussed in your planning meeting. Our aim is to assist ndis participants moving from aged care to sda to get an ndis plan that reflects their goals and aspirations with adequate funded supports to enable them to establish themselves in their new home with as much independence and confidence as possibie. We have assumed that this plan is for a 12-month period with the participant focusing on building their capacity to move in months 1-6 and on establishing themselves in their new home in months 7-12. This pian may also provide useful information for people moving out of their parents’ home or froma group home to a more independent living situation. Note that the budgets in core supports are for six months living in rac and six months of a supported independent living sil quote. This part of my participant statement is about me, my daily life and the people in my life prior to my cerebral hemorrhage in 2012, got around on my skateboard and did photography. Now my right side is paralysed, have trouble with my vision and speech, and ive lost my sense of smell. Use my jeft had to drive my motorised wheelchair. Still have issues with planning, getting organised, making decisions, my mood and relationships. Moved to aged care around three years ago because my dad and stepmother couldnt provide me with he support need at home. Use social media to connect with my friends who are all getting on with their lives while im wasting away in aged care. Feel really humiliated living here and don’t want my friends to visit me. Feel that living in aged care has robbed me of my privacy and all control over my life, and ive had a number of run-ins with staff. ‘m really excited that ive been approved for specialist disability accommodation sda, to live on my own in a high physical support apartment with access to on-site overnight assistance ooa. ‘m looking forward to living on my own, rebuilding my life and relationships. Sample ndis plans - march 2018lk stark - ndis plan ndis number 412225671 my ndis contact nick fury avengers coordinator the avengers society phone 0400000003 email nick. Furyndis. Gov. Au ndis plan start date 18 april 2020 ndis plan review due date 17 april 2021 a national disability insurance agency ndia representative will contact me about my plan review before my plan review due date. Personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 2 of 9 ndis number 412225671 1904088640 mapbhoy edi ab april 2019 3245 bl- 21466lks profile what i want people to know about me date of birth 10 november 2006 preferred contact details — telephone home number 0403578819 work number 0403578819 mobile 0403578819 about me hulk is 12 years old and lives with his mother, scarlet, father, steven and brother iron-man, who is 2 years old. Hulk attends flying house early learning centre on monday, wednesday, thursday and friday. On tuesday, hulk is cared for by his father, steven and they visit the library, go swimming, play at home and outdoors. On the weekends, hulk spends time with his family. They go on outings such as to the park, on picnics or to the beach. Family and friends mother, scarlet and father, steven services and community involvement ¢ flying house early learning centre, 4 days per week hills family doctors personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 3 of 9 ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 bt-1lks goals this is what i want to achieve short-term goal i would like to be more independent with more of my daily activities and access the community. How i will achieve this goal how i will be supported hulk will improve the clarity and articulation of his speech. He will be able to consistently communicate using sentences. He will be able to effectively communicate his wants, needs and feelings. Hulk will continue to be provided with opportunities at home and across all early childhood settings to practice skills and strategies to support the goal. There will be a plan in place that assists hulk, scarlet and steven to achieve the goal. Short-term goal scarlet and steven would like hulk to continue developing his social skills. How i will achieve this goal how i will be supported hulk will be able to engage in play with his peers. Hulk will continue to be provided with opportunities at home and across all early childhood settings to practice skills and strategies to support the goal. There will be a plan in place that assists hulk, scarlet and steven to achieve the goal. Medium or long-term goal scarlet and steven would like would like hulk to begin to develop the skills to be able to regulate his emotions. How i will achieve this goal how i will be supported hulk will be able to identify how he is hulk will continue to be provided feeling, and will be able to express this to his parents or caregivers. He will begin to develop strategies to assist him in managing frustration and emotional distress. With opportunities at home and across all early childhood settings to practice skills and strategies to support the goal. There will be a plan in place that assists hulk, scarlet and steven to achieve the goal. Personal information - confidential name hulk stark ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 190408 bch - n192q8ll n192q8ll. 3245 page 3 of 9 bl - 21468dium or long-term goal scarlet and steven would like hulk to continue developing his self-care skills. How i will achieve this goal how i will be supported hulk will be able to eat safely, by putting 00 hulk will continue to be provided an appropriate amount of food into his with opportunities at home and across mouth at a time, and chew his food all early childhood settings to practice thoroughly before swallowing. Hulk skills and strategies to support the will increase the variety of foods he will goal. There will be a plan in place that consume. He will be able to sleep through assists hulk, scarlet and steven to the night, without requiring a bottle of milk. Achieve the goal. Personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 5 of 9 ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 41-1nded supports information my funded supports can help me achieve my goals managing my ndis funding there are 3 different ways my plan funding can be managed ¢ self-managed will claim funding from my ndis plan to pay providers myself or my plan nominee or child representative may do this on my behalf. Providers will invoice me directly for supports i have agreed they will provide. E plan-managed my plan management provider will make claims and pay providers on my behalf for supports i have agreed they will provide. « ndia-managed providers will claim payment directly from my ndis plan based on active service bookings. Where supports are ndia-managed, i can only use an ndis registered provider. My funding may be managed in one or more of these ways and is listed with my funding on the following pages. Stated supports where a support is listed as statedin my plan, i must purchase this supportas described in my plan. Cannot swap ‘stated’ supports for any other supports. In-kind supports where a support is listed as ‘in-kind in my plan, must continue with my existing service provider as they have been pre-paid to deliver this service. However, if have a concern about using my in-kind provider i can raise my concerns with my ndis contact. Quote required where a support is listed as quote required’ additional information such as quotes andor specialist reports will be required. Once the quote is approved, the funding will be made available in my plan. Personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 5 of 9 ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 190408 bch - n192q8ll ni92q8ll 3245 bl - 21470tal funded supports $49,383. 20 for 18 april 2020 —17 april 2021 core supports core supports help with my everyday activities, my current disability related needs and to work towards my goals. The core supports budget is the most flexible, and in most cases, funding can be used across the support categories however, this may not include transport. Goals my core supports funding can help me achieve i would like to be more independent with more of my daily activities and access the community. Core supports budget funding for assistive technology of $550. 20 is allocated for $550. 20 the purchase of basic level 1 and standard level 2 assistive technology that assists hulk to achieve his goals and outcomes. These at products are listed under level 1 and level 2 of the at complexity level classification document. My core supports funding will be $550. 20 self-managed assistance with social and community participation $1,200. 00 transport $2,234. 00 total core supports $3984. 20 personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 7 of 9 ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 sft-1nded supports continued capacity building supports my capacity building supports are intended to build my independence and reduce my need for the same level of support into the future. My progress and outcomes from these supports will be shared at each plan review. Unlike my core supports budget, my capacity building supports budget cannot be moved from one support category to another. Funding can only be used to purchase approved individual supports that fall within that capacity building category. Goals my capacity building supports funding can help me achieve e i would like to be more independent with more of my daily activities and access the community. E scarlet and steven would like hulk to continue developing his social skills. E scarlet and steven would like would like hulk to begin to develop the skills to be able to regulate his emotions. E scarlet and steven would like hulk to continue developing his self-care skills. My capacity building funding can be spent in the following ways capacity building supports budget improved health and wellbeing cb health and wellbeing $12,426. 32 to include a progress report at plan review on outcomes against the ndis plan goals and the participants ongoing functional needs. My improved daily living funding will be $12,426. 32 self-managed improved learning cb lifelong learning $356. 20 improved life choices cb choice and control $15,333. 00 increased social community participant cb social community and civic participation $888. 00 improved daily living cb daily activity $250. 00 total capacity building supports $29,253. 52 personal information - confidential name hulk stark page 7 of 9 ndis number 412225671 plan approved 18 april 2020 190408 bch - n192q8ll n192q8ll. 3245 bl - 21472nded supports continued capital supports capital supports include higher-cost pieces of assistive technology, equipment and home or vehicle modifications and specialist disability accommodation. Capital support funding cannot be used to pay anything else. My capital support funding can be spent in the following ways assistive technology $590. 10 funding for repairs and maintenance on your disability specific equipment my stated support will be $590. 10 self-managed home modifications $15,556. 00 total capital supports $16,146. 10 sft-1